CHNL-14775: Add badge incrementing logic to extension (#244)
klaviyo/klaviyo-swift-sdk: README.md

> ## Installation

Reviewer: I think it would make sense to move the set up steps for App Groups into this section similar to how we have the notification service extension instructions.

    return true
}
```
### Badge Count

#### Set Up
Klaviyo supports custom badge counts when configuring your push notification in the editor dashboard. To set up your app, so the Klaviyo SDK properly handles them:

(Pre-requisite: Set up the Push Notification Service Extension)
1. In XCode, select your main app target, then go to Signing & Capabilities
2. Add an App Groups capability and click the plus in the new section to add a new App Group
3. Pick a name based on the scheme `group.[MainTargetBundleId].[descriptor]`
4. Select your Service Extension target, and add the same App Group with the same name

> 5. In your app's `Info.plist`, add a new entry for `Klaviyo_App_Group` as a String with the App Group name

Reviewer: As discussed in Slack, I think it might make sense to add this portion to the initial Installation section of the Readme since it's probably the most convenient time for a developer to set up App Groups.

    return true
}
```
### Badge Count

#### Set Up

> Klaviyo supports custom badge counts when configuring your push notification in the editor dashboard. To set up your app, so the Klaviyo SDK properly handles them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Klaviyo supports setting or incrementing the badge count when you send a push notification. For this functionality to work, you must set up the Notification Service Extension and an App Group as outlined under the Installation section.
```

(Pre-requisite: Set up the Notification Service Extension)
1. In XCode, select your main app target, then go to Signing & Capabilities
2. Add an App Groups capability and click the plus in the new section to add a new App Group
3. Pick a name based on the scheme `group.com.[MainTargetBundleId].[descriptor]`
4. Select your Service Extension target, and add the same App Group with the same name
5. In your app's `Info.plist`, add a new entry for `Klaviyo_App_Group` as a String with the App Group name

> 6. In your Notification Service Extension's `Info.plist`, add a new entry for `Klaviyo_App_Group` as a String with the App Group name

Reviewer 2: why do we need these two?

Author: the extension is not able to read the main app target's Info.plist since it has its own bundle, so we need to define it in its own Info.plist as well

> #### Autoclearing Badge Count

Reviewer 2: Did we say we are going to enable this by default but provide an option to turn it off? May be I'm mis remembering.

> By default, Klaviyo SDK automatically clears all badges on app open. If you want to disable this behavior, in your app's `Info.plist`, add a new entry for `disable_Klaviyo_badge_autoclearing` as a Boolean set to `YES`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, Klaviyo SDK automatically clears all badges on app open. If you want to disable this behavior, in your app's `Info.plist`, add a new entry for `klaviyo_badge_autoclearing` as a Boolean set to `NO`.
```

> By default, Klaviyo SDK automatically clears all badges on app open. If you want to disable this behavior, in your app's `Info.plist`, add a new entry for `klaviyo_badge_autoclearing` as a Boolean set to `NO`. You can turn this on again by setting this to `YES`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Klaviyo SDK automatically clears the badge count on app open. If you want to disable this behavior, add a new entry for `klaviyo_badge_autoclearing` as a Boolean set to `NO` in your app's `Info.plist`. You can re-enable automatically clearing badges by setting this value to `YES`.
```

#### Handling Other Badging Sources

> Klaviyo SDK handles Klaviyo pushes, but if you have other sources that change the badge count, use the `KlaviyoSDK().setBadgeCount(:)` method wherever you change the badge count to keep in sync with SDK count.

Reviewer 3: nit: can we run this whole readme thru copilot to correct any grammatical issues/inconsistency in wording?

> Klaviyo SDK handles Klaviyo pushes, but if you have other sources that change the badge count, use the `KlaviyoSDK().setBadgeCount(:)` method wherever you change the badge count to keep in sync with SDK count.

Reviewer 4: Does `KlaviyoSDK().setBadgeCount(:)` actually change the badge count, or does it just update the value in UserDefaults?

Author: both, but it only changes it if it was able to first update it in UserDefaults

Reviewer 4: Ok. When I read what you wrote I was a little unclear about what exactly the `setBadgeCount` method would do, and whether it should be used in addition to or instead of the native methods for setting the badge count. Maybe something like what I suggest below would make it a little more clear?

```suggestion
Klaviyo SDK will automatically handle the badge count associated with Klaviyo pushes. If you need to manually update the badge count to account for other notification sources, use the `KlaviyoSDK().setBadgeCount(:)` method, which will update the badge count and keep it in sync with the Klaviyo SDK. This method should be used instead of (rather than in addition to) setting the badge count using `UNUserNotificationCenter` and/or `UIApplication` methods.
```
